You’re talking nonsense,
freedom has nothing to do with children.
It does.
Just because you divorced me,
Zhi Han
is isolated at school,
being called an illegitimate child without a father.
I thought you could take care of her,
but I was wrong.
I’ve tried so hard to care for her,
and now she has psychological issues.
Did you know that?
What did you say?
What psychological issues?
You didn’t even know.
Because of your work,
you don’t even know
how to be a mother.
Could it be
that I’m really wrong?
As expected,
as long as I use the child to bind you,
you’ll still become a puppet in my hands.
Jian Dao,
do you know?
In this world,
everyone has their duties and responsibilities.
Among those responsibilities,
there’s also the duty of a homemaker.
And you
shouldn’t resist this homemaker identity.
You can do it.
Becoming a homemaker who doesn’t worry about food and clothing,
just taking care of the family well,
this is your duty and responsibility.
This is your destiny.
No.
It’s not like that.
It is like that.
Hello, Secretary Li.
Do what I said immediately.
Why haven’t they come out?
Could something have happened?